DOC-2537: Document GUI CORS configuration parameters (#899)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/reference/pages/configuration-parameters.adoc

|GUI.TempFileMaxDurationDay |GUI temp file max duration time in days
|`7`

> 

Reviewer: The parameters are supposed to be listed in alphabetical order. Therefore, these two parameters need to be moved further up.

|GUI.EnableCORS
a|Controls whether the GUI (GraphStudio and Admin Portal) accepts cross-origin requests.

Supported values:
* `DISABLE` – Disable all CORS requests (default).
* `ENABLE_ALL` – Allow requests from any origin.
* `ENABLE_WHITE_LIST` – Allow requests only from origins specified in `GUI.WhiteListCORS`.

When CORS is enabled, CORS-related HTTP headers are managed automatically by TigerGraph.
|`DISABLE`

|GUI.WhiteListCORS

> |A list of allowed origins when `GUI.EnableCORS` is set to `ENABLE_WHITE_LIST`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|JSON list of allowed origin server URLs when `GUI.EnableCORS` is set to `ENABLE_WHITE_LIST`.
```
@Tushar-TG-14 When you tell the user to use a list, we need to make sure the user knows what format to use for the list.  Based on your example below, I am guessing that it is JSON format (you have [ ] brackets on the outside, and " " quotes around the URL. )

Each origin must include the scheme and host (for example, https://example.com).
If a non-default port is used, include it explicitly.

> This setting is ignored unless `GUI.EnableCORS=ENABLE_WHITE_LIST`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is already implied by the earlier descriptions.  The configuration parameters page is a set of tables, and tables are not the place to have lengthy descriptions. Strive to have a technically complete but concise description. Chose your words carefully to have maximum meaning with the fewest words.
